Update Contributing.md with informations about how to use virtualenv (#1402)
thumbor/thumbor: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Install Dependencies

You'll need [redis-server](https://redis.io)
installed (for queued detector unit tests).

Other than that, we seriously advise you to use
[virtualenv](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv) since it will keep
your environment clean of thumbor's dependencies and you can choose when
to "turn them on".

The project requires Python 3.7+, and in this version virtualenv is already installed by default, to create a virtual enviroment follow the next steps:

> 1. Create a virtual enviroment, in the folder .venv, located in the root

Reviewer: Last nit:

```suggestion
1. Create a virtual enviroment, in the folder .venv, located in the user's home folder
```

Reviewer: Btw nit = nitpick, usually what reviewers will tell you that's not a requirement for merging, but a good idea to change.

```

> $ python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment 

Reviewer: Maybe to help people out, just use the same path in both commands?
I would change the path to "~/.venv/<my_env_name>" as otherwise virtualenv will create the folder in the current directory.
WDYT?

Author: Yeah, I agree i will change that. Thanks @heynemann
